DOC-1843: document new `advcode_inline` option (#2580)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/advcode.adoc

[[advcode_inline]]
== `+advcode_inline+`

include::partial$misc/admon-requires-6.3v.adoc[]

> As part of the {productname} 6.3 release, the {pluginname} plugin includes a new option, `advcode_inline`, that allows users to open the Advanced Code Editor within {productname}’s existing editor space instead of been displayed in a seperate dialog box.

Reviewer: Should this be `being displayed` ?

Reviewer: I would probably just remove 'or with" so that it's just "mobile devices or narrow screens"

> As part of the {productname} 6.3 release, the {pluginname} plugin includes a new option, `advcode_inline`, that allows users to open the Advanced Code Editor within {productname}’s existing editor space instead of been displayed in a seperate dialog box.

Author: ```suggestion
As part of the {productname} 6.3 release, the {pluginname} plugin includes a new option, `advcode_inline`, that allows users to open the Advanced Code Editor within {productname}’s existing editor space instead of being displayed in a separate dialog box.
```

> Using `advcode` inside {productname} means users on mobile devices or with otherwise narrow screens do not require a `ToggleView` button, as `advcode` forces the editor to open within the existing editor space in inline mode.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if `ToggleView` is a button. The only things we define for the toolbar / menu in advcode is `code` (https://github.com/tinymce/advcode/blob/main/src/main/ts/ui/Controls.ts)

> Using `advcode` inside {productname} means users on mobile devices or with otherwise narrow screens do not require a `ToggleView` button, as `advcode` forces the editor to open within the existing editor space in inline mode.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Type : `boolean`,

Default: false

== Example: Basic setup

[source,js]
----

> tinymce.init({
>   selector: "textarea", // change this value according to your HTML
>   plugins: "advcode",
>   advcode_inline: true,
>   toolbar: "code",
> });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea', // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'advcode',
  advcode_inline: true,
  toolbar: 'code',
});
```
